fix: Error Invalid time value for service keepIndexFullNameAndDisplayNameUpToDate (#676)
cozy/cozy-contacts: README.md

### Fixtures

A fixture file is available, you can import its data with :

```
$ yarn fixtures
```

You can also import more than 2000 contacts in one batch with this other command :

```
$ yarn fixtures:massive
```

### Services

> Services can be triggered (and so tested) by using yarn command (use `cozy-konnector-dev` [see the documentation here][cozy-konnector-dev])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Services can be triggered (and tested manually) by running `cozy-konnector-dev` [see the documentation here][cozy-konnector-dev])
```

$ yarn fixtures
```

You can also import more than 2000 contacts in one batch with this other command :

> ```

Reviewer 2: Can you add a line break before \`\`\`, it ensures that the markdown parser from the docs generator understands correctly the code block (not the same parser as GitHub).

$ yarn fixtures:massive
```

### Services

Services can be triggered (and so tested) with `cozy-konnector-dev` by using yarn command. A token will be generated the first time to grant access to `cozy-konnector-dev`, and you may need to delete it (`.token.json`) and regenerate it again after a while.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Same here

Reviewer 2: I think this line belongs to a general "How to run a service" in the cozy-konnector-libs repo. The docs from contacts could link to the general docs. Otherwise we'd have to repeat this line in each one of our repo. What do you think ?

Author: See https://github.com/konnectors/libs/pull/707
